The modern day history of Jehovah's Witnesses in Greece includes a long record of legal
battles to establish the freedom to preach the good news.
However today, for the most part, opposition has subsided, and the Greece branch continues
to spearhead the preaching work in Cyprus and in Greece.
What led up to this branch dedication?
After a ten-year search for a suitable site for the new branch, and with help from the
worldwide design construction department, a location was found.
The new branch office is located on the outskirts of Athens, close to the busy port of
Perreus.
What are the new offices like?
Let's start with the Translation Office, which was dedicated in October 2016.
The translation office is located on the second floor of this building, just above the
dotted line.
Most members of the translation team live in the apartments above the offices.
Here, the brothers translate into Greek, Greek sign language, and two Romani languages.
The new branch office is located about three miles from the translation office.
It occupies one half of this new building.
A commercial firm put up the building structure, and a local design construction team customized
the inside for our needs.
Here is a look at the new branch.
Here is the lobby.
Here we see the rooms, some of the offices, and the dining room.
The dedication of the beautiful new branch was scheduled for Saturday, November 17, 2018,
and things did not go as planned.
As Jamie and I left for the airport on Thursday morning, some light snow was expected, so we
arrived early.
However, much more snow fell than was forecast.
Our flight was delayed, and eventually it was canceled.
So after spending 14 hours at Newark Airport, we returned to Warwick.
We had to wait until the next evening to catch a flight.
The next day, the brothers in Greece were gathering in the Bethel dining room for the branch
dedication, but our late departure meant that we would not arrive in time for the program.
Kindly, the teaching committee adjusted the schedule so that the dedication talk could
be presented on Sunday.
But what took place in Greece when all the brothers found out we wouldn't make it in
time for the dedication talk on Saturday?
I said to brother Cook, you know brother Cook, if there's anything you need help with,
I said please let me know.
Brother Le Franca gave an encouraging service talk that enhanced the weekend program.
We arrived at the branch late Saturday afternoon in time to greet the brothers there.
On Sunday morning we traveled to the assembly hall along with 116 delegates from 16 countries.
The attendance at the assembly hall was 1,680.
All the congregations in Greece and Cyprus were either tied in or watched the recorded
program, making the total attendance 27,718.
Do you desire to dedicate this branch office to Jehovah God to be used exclusively for
his praise and glory and to promote his pure worship in your branch territory?
After the program in Greek style, all rejoiced in what Jehovah had done.
The 84 Bethelites, 44 commuters and all in attendance at the assembly hall enthusiastically
sent their love and greetings to the governing body and the Bethel family in the United States.